c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.application
C:\Users\Grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.application
C:\Users\Grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.DXTRANSLib.dll
C:\Users\Grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\Grbac\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\Grbac\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.manifest
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.application
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.AudioVideoPlayback.dll
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectSound.dll
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.dll
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.dll
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.xml
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.AudioVideoPlayback.xml
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectSound.xml
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.xml
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.DXTRANSLib.dll
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.manifest
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.application
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
E:\University\2018\CAB401\Assignmnet\DigitalMusic\WpfApplication1\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
